Update ARM split keyboard docs (#9160)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/serial_driver.md

#define SERIAL_USART_TX_PAL_MODE 7 // Pin "alternate function", see the respective datasheet for the appropriate values for your MCU. default: 7
```

> You must also turn on the SERIAL feature in your halconf.h and mcuconf.h.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must also enable the ChibiOS `SERIAL` feature:
* In your board's halconf.h: `#define HAL_USE_SERIAL TRUE`
* In your board's mcuconf.h: `#define STM32_SERIAL_USE_USARTn TRUE` (where 'n' matches the peripheral number of your selected USART on the MCU)

Do note that the configuration required is for the `SERIAL` peripheral, not the `UART` peripheral.
```
